PMM simulation methodology — Goro market data

Data source
The input is Goro market data retrieved from Dune query 6936221. It contains
daily ERC-1155 token flows: amount_in and amount_out. For the simulation,
amount_in is treated as observed sell volume and amount_out as observed buy
volume. The selected baseline asset is ERC-1155 token ID 18.

Data transformation and samples
For each day:
  sell_volume = amount_in
  buy_volume = amount_out
  gross_volume = sell_volume + buy_volume
  net_buy_pressure = buy_volume - sell_volume

The full sample is retained for sensitivity analysis. The main PMM sample starts
on 2024-12-25. The launch window from 2024-12-20 through 2024-12-24 is excluded
because it contains 701,055 buy units, zero sell units, and 99.17% of the
706,912 total supply. The cutoff rule is reproducible: exclude every day before
the first observation with positive sell volume (2024-12-25).

No synthetic primary-sale subtraction is applied. The dataset does not provide
a reliable event-level or counterparty-level boundary between primary issuance
and secondary trading. Subtracting one total supply from aggregate volume would
arbitrarily remove volume from the buy/sell flow and distort observed PMM
inventory pressure.

How the PMM experiment uses the data
Each day's observed buy and sell quantities are replayed as directional demand
inputs to PropertyPMM. Because the source is daily aggregated and PMM pricing
is path-dependent, each day should be evaluated under at least two execution
orders: sell-then-buy and buy-then-sell. The reported result should be a range
over these orderings, not a claim that either ordering is the true transaction
sequence.

Why this remains a valid experiment
This is a controlled stress/calibration experiment, not a historical PMM
backtest. The purpose is to test how the PMM's reserve state, slippage, fees,
and inventory status respond to empirically observed Goro directional flow.
The post-launch sample is valid because it removes a demonstrably one-sided
launch regime using a pre-specified, data-observable rule, while retaining the
subsequent two-sided market flow. The full-sample result must also be reported
as a sensitivity check. Without trade-level prices, counterparties, and ordering,
the experiment cannot estimate historical execution prices or prove that a
simulated path occurred in the market.
